Gong::METAL::After your PRAYER action, you may draw three cards to your waiting area. If you do, place this there too.
Pinwheel::PAPER::At night, you may return a card from your hand. If you do, you may draw a card to your waiting area.
Kite::CLOTH::In the morning, you may transfer a card from your hand to any craft bench. If you do, treat Kite as an exact copy of one of that player's works until the end of your turn.
Doll::PAPER::Instead of choosing a new task from your hand, you may move an opponent's task to be your new task. It gives you one extra action.
Dice::CLAY::Before your TAILOR action, you may reveal the top card of the deck. If its value is equal to the number of cards in your hand, complete it for free.
Shuriken::METAL::After you complete this, take a work from an opponent that has more works than you.
Vase::CLAY::After you complete this, transfer two materials from the floor to your sales.
Bench::STONE::+2 points for each of your STONE works.
Plane::PAPER::After a POTTER action, if you collected a material, you may move one of your works from one wing to the other.
Poem::PAPER::After you complete a PAPER work, you may return it. If you do, complete the top card of the deck for free.
Chopsticks::METAL::Instead of discarding your previous task to the floor, you may move it to your sales.
Pin::METAL::In the morning, you may take a TAILOR action.
Tower::STONE::Opponents skip your CLERK, MONK, or POTTER tasks unless they reveal a matching card from their hand.
Flute::METAL::For a MONK or POTTER action, you may hire or collect an opponent's PAPER work or task instead of a card from the floor.
Turtle::METAL::If you have a work of each type of material at any time, you win.
Clock::CLOTH::After you complete a work, you may return it. If you do, complete a METAL work from your hand for free.
Puppet::CLOTH::Before your TAILOR action, you may return this to trade your hand with an opponent. Place their hand in your waiting area.
Sword::METAL::For a MONK action, you may hire an opponent's helper if they have more helpers than you. For a POTTER action, you may collect an opponent's material if they have more materials than you.
Stool::STONE::After you complete a STONE, CLAY, or METAL work, you may draw a card to your waiting area.
Ring::METAL::After a CLERK action, if you sold a material, you may take a sale from an opponent that has more sales than you.
Brick::CLAY::For SMITH actions, treat all players' tasks as if they were in your hand to use as support.
Curtain::PAPER::Opponents skip your TAILOR or SMITH tasks unless they reveal a matching card from their hand.
Bell::METAL::For a CLERK action, you may sell the top card of the deck instead of a card from your craft bench.
Figurine::CLAY::Before using each opponent's task, you may reveal a matching card from your hand to gain one extra action for that task.
Cup::CLAY::After your PRAYER action, you may return this. If you do, end the game.
Statue::STONE::After you complete this, transfer two materials from the floor to your craft bench.
Coin::METAL::Count all of the cards in your hand an extra time for backorders at the end of the game.
Robe::CLOTH::For a CLERK action, you may sell all materials of one type from your craft bench.
Crane::PAPER::For SMITH or CRAFT actions, you may return PAPER cards from your craft bench to count as additional support.
Flag::CLOTH::Before using your task, you may reveal a matching card in hand to gain one extra action of that task.
Haniwa::CLAY::For your most frequent helper type (choose one if tied), +3 points for each helper.
Handkerchief::CLOTH::Instead of checking the hand limit in the morning, you may discard one card from your hand to the floor.
Frog::STONE::After you complete this, if no opponent has fewer works than you, take an extra turn after this one.
Straw::PAPER::For SMITH actions, you require one less support to complete a CLOTH or CLAY work.
Tapestry::CLOTH::+1 point for each work in this wing.
Lampshade::PAPER::Your CLAY and METAL cards in hand count as backorders if you are ahead or tied for sales of their type.
Pillar::STONE::All sales of your most sold resource type are considered covered; choose one type if tied.
Deck of Cards::PAPER::After a SMITH action, if you completed a PAPER work, you may draw a card to your waiting area.
Fan::PAPER::Before your TAILOR action, you may reveal the top three cards of the deck. If you do, return two of them and put the third back on top.
Tablet::STONE::After you complete this, either return all cards on the floor, or restock the floor from the deck until it has both a STONE and a METAL.
Socks::CLOTH::For a POTTER action, you may collect the top card of the deck instead of a card from the floor.
Fountain::STONE::Before a CLERK task, you may reveal MONK cards from hand. Each one counts as a CLERK helper during the task.
Amulet::STONE::After you complete a work, you may sell a material from your craft bench.
Teapot::CLAY::For the most frequent material type in your craft bench (choose one if tied), +3 points for each material.
Mask::CLOTH::Opponents cannot convert actions from your tasks into PRAYER or CRAFT actions.
Bangle::CLAY::Opponents do not get actions from their helpers on your tasks. All your MONK helpers are considered covered.
Go Set::STONE::All your STONE works count as being in both works at the same time.
Jar::CLAY::After you complete this, choose a material type. All opponents transfer all cards of that type from their hands to your waiting area.
Bowl::CLAY::In the morning, you may collect the top card of the deck into your craft bench.
Sketch::PAPER::Instead of choosing a new task from your hand, you may move one of your helpers to become your new task.
Quilt::CLOTH::Your PAPER, STONE, and CLOTH sales are covered. Your PAPER, STONE, and CLOTH cards in hand count as backorders if you are ahead or tied for sales of their type.
Daidoro::STONE::In the morning, you may restock the floor from the top of the deck until their are three cards on the floor.
Umbrella::CLOTH::In the morning, add a card from the top of the deck to the floor. If you do, you may convert a matching helper into a sale.